The below suggestions are general suggestions for code review comments. This is currently in draft/proposed form. Suggestions are welcome and encouraged.
1.	When possible, try to separate comments into one of the following categories:
    1.	Strong preference: You believe it’s something that needs to be fixed before final merge (like a defect). Example: I think we should change this to prevent a memory leak.
    2.	Mild preference: You believe it’s something that should be changed although you’re open to discussing potential trade-offs. Example: I think we should change this to reduce logging. Let me know if you believe the log statement is necessary.
    3.	Very open: You’d like the author to consider an alternative, but you are comfortable with the author making the call either way. Example: It may be worth refactoring this into a smaller function. I’ll let you make the final call.
2.	When you have comments around suggesting a different pattern, it’s highly valuable to point to guiding principles. For example, I think we should use unique_ptr as recommended in the [smart pointers](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html#Ownership_and_Smart_Pointers) section of style guide that’s suggested in the guiding principles. 
3.	When there are other considerations not covered in the style guide or the guiding principles, either:
    1.	When you have a better solution, suggest it to the author with related pros and cons. If this is likely to recur, suggest addition in the style guide section of the guiding principles. Alternatively,
    2.	When you don’t have a better solution, let the author know that you don’t think the implementation is optimal but as you don’t have a better solution, you’re ok with the author making the call. Alternatively,
    3.	When you don’t have a better solution but believe the team should look to identify a better solution at some point in the future, create a corresponding issue (or ask the author to create one), state this in the comment and let the author make the decision on whether to resolve the issue as part of the change or for the issue to be handled separately.
4.	Unless essential, use code review comments only for the proposed changes. If you notice something that affects the codebase regardless of the proposed change, it may be best to note this in a comment along with a separate issue to track resolution, and using the approach mentioned in (3iii) above.
